Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/kaushalvish
(LinkedIn)
hellokaushal750.github.io/
(Portfolio)
Kaushal Vishwakarma
Software Developer
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
Top SkillsHello,
Go (Programming Language)After 12th I decided to do engineering in IT, but just because of 2
marks less in entrance exam(CET)
I was not eligible to get the admission in IT and I ended up getting
admission in Mechanical.
Mechanical became much interesting field for me to built the
analytical skill. During college I came across
machine design software's like AutoCAD and Solid works. I was only
in my 2nd year when the pandemic broke and the entire nation and
world went into a lockdown. That gave me plenty of time to explore
new things and enhance my creativity. It led me to explore design.
So I joined Milestone Institute to learn AutoCAD and Solid works.
MySQL
Next.js
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)
Certifications
Arduino
Zoom Marathon Challenge
AutoCad
But because of pandemic I didn't have much knowledge about
practical work and also there was not higher chances of job in
Mechanical. I decided to switch my career as web developer, I have
always interested in IT field.
After my graduation I was eagerly searching for a good web
development course and I came across an advertisement and
when I did some research about the institute, I found the course
really interesting. Soon after I enrolled myself in full stack web
development course (by Masai School).
Currently I am working as Software Developer in Tezminds.
Experience
TezMinds Software Pvt. Ltd.
Software Developer
September 2023 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Pune, Maharashtra, India
Page 1 of 2IKS Health
Junior Revenue Cycle Representative
June 2022 - September 2022 (4 months)
Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
My first job after graduation was in IKS Health as a Junior revenue cycle
representative. It was a great experience to be a part of it. Learned basic of
about how health insurance works in the US. IKS Health is a company that
helps US doctors to get their payment from health insurance. I realized that
my strengths and weaknesses were not aligned with the requirements of the
post. I decided it was best that I left at the earliest and started to hunt for more
relevant opportunities.
Education
Masai
Full Stack Web Development, Information Technology · (September
2022 - July 2023)
Thakur College of Engineering & Technology
BE, Mechanical Engineering · (2018 - 2022)
Page 2 of 2